This repository contains a collection of Pig scripts and associated datasets for various data analysis tasks. Pig is a high-level platform for analyzing large datasets using Apache Hadoop.

### Repository Structure
The repository is structured as follows:

- pig_scripts/
   - script.pig
   - dataset.csv
   - README.md
   
The pig_scripts/ directory contains the Pig scripts and respective datasets for different analysis tasks. Each script is a standalone file. The dataset.csv stores the datasets used by the Pig scripts. Datasets are typically in CSV or similar formats.

### Requirements
To use the Pig scripts in this repository, you need the following:
- Apache Pig installed on your system.
- Access to a Hadoop cluster or Hadoop-compatible environment.
- The necessary datasets available and accessible to the Pig scripts.
  
### Usage
Follow these steps to use the Pig scripts in this repository:
- Clone or download this repository to your local machine or the environment where you have Apache Pig set up.
- Place the datasets you want to analyze .
- Review the available Pig scripts in the directory and choose the one that suits your analysis task.
- Open the selected Pig script and modify the relevant parts, such as file paths or column names, to match your dataset and analysis requirements.
- Run the Pig script using the following command:
__pig -x local scripts/script.pig__
- Replace script.pig with the name of the specific Pig script you want to execute.
- The Pig script will process the dataset and perform the analysis specified in the script. The output will depend on the specific analysis task and may include statistics, summaries, or transformed data.
- Review the output generated by the Pig script and utilize it as needed for further analysis or reporting.

### Note
- Make sure the datasets used by the Pig scripts are properly formatted and compatible with the scripts' requirements. Adjust the scripts as necessary if your datasets have different structures or formats.
- Take advantage of the flexibility and power of Pig to customize the scripts or create new ones to fit your specific data analysis needs.
- Feel free to explore the available Pig scripts, adapt them, or add your own scripts and datasets to this repository. Happy data analysis with Pig!
